Document Prometheus configuration with Antrea (#655)
vmware-tanzu/antrea: docs/prometheus-integration.md

> # Prometheus Integration

Reviewer: do we also add steps to configure (or one line mentioning which file to use).. for example
kubectl apply -f <path/to/antrea-prometheus.yml>
and any other step involved .. for those who simply want to go ahead and deploy it

Author: This config would most likely be a part of a larger Prometheus config which monitors other cluster elements.
But adding this to the doc won't do any harm :)

> 

Author: Indeed

> 

Author: Done

## Purpose

> Prometheus server can monitor various metrics and provide an observation of the Antrea controller and agent components.

Author: Done

Antrea Controller and Agent components. The doc provides general guidelines to 
the configuration of Prometheus server to operate with the Antrea components.

## About Prometheus
[Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) is an open source monitoring and alerting 
server. Prometheus is capable of collecting metrics from various Kubernetes 
components, storing and providing alerts.

> Prometheus can provide visibility with integration to other products such as 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prometheus can provide visibility by integrating with other products such as
```

Author: Done

>  One of Prometheus capabilities is self-discovery of Kubernetes services which expose their metrics. So Prometheus can 

Author: Wonders of IDE :) Fixed

[Grafana](https://grafana.com/).
 
One of Prometheus capabilities is self-discovery of Kubernetes services which

> expose their metrics. So Prometheus can 

Reviewer 2: strange line break

Author: Fixed

>  scrape the metrics of any additional components which are added to the cluster without further configuraion changes. 

Author: Done

>  Enable Prometheus metrics listener by setting enablePrometheusMetrics parameter to true in the controller and the agent 

Author: Done

scrape the metrics of any additional components which are added to the cluster
without further configuration changes. 
 
## Antrea Configuration
Enable Prometheus metrics listener by setting `enablePrometheusMetrics` 
parameter to true in the Controller and the Agent configurations.

>  

Reviewer 3: Does it make sense to have CLI showing the output of metrics http handler corresponding to agent/controller?

Reviewer 2: @srikartati is this related to this PR? you may want to create a new issue if you have some improvement ideas for Prometheus integration

Reviewer 3: Yes. Antrea agent and controller metrics are added to apiserver metrics http handle. I did not mean adding new CLI. Just show the CLI output of metrics handle using curl.

Author: I think that curling Prometheus client (on the agent or controller) or server is quite standard.
There's nothing specific to Antrea here IMO.
Are we doing anything unique which worths documenting?

Reviewer 2: I'm fine punting that discussion to a future PR. The issue with adding sample outputs is that you may need to update them fairly often early on, when you are still hammering out details.

Reviewer 3: We will be showing newly added antrea agent and controller prometheus metrics. Also, this will validate for the user that prometheus exporter is sending antrea metrics.

Reviewer 2: @ksamoray up to you. maybe adding a sample `curl` command that can be used to query metrics and confirm everything is working is not a bad idea.

## Prometheus Configuration
  
### Kubernetes API Endpoint Access
Prometheus requires access to Kubernetes API endpoint for service discovery
capability.
```yaml
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: prometheus
rules:
- apiGroups: [""]
  resources:
  - nodes
  - nodes/proxy
  - services
  - endpoints
  - pods
  verbs: ["get", "list", "watch"]
- apiGroups:

>   - extensions

Reviewer 2: good catch. Apparently it is available as part of `networking.k8s.io` since 1.14, so we should make that change

>   - extensions

Author: I guess that I should apply this change to both ClusterRole objects? also bindings?

>   - extensions

Reviewer: only the cluster role as far as i can see

- apiGroups:
   - networking.k8s.io
   resources:
   - ingresses
   verbs: ["get", "list", "watch"]

>   - extensions

Author: Done
